Ti=Governing Law & Arbitration

AmicalResolution.sec=You and {_Creator} shall cooperate in good faith to resolve any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of, relating to or in connection with these {_Terms}, including with respect to the formation, applicability, breach, termination, validity or enforceability thereof (a “{_Dispute.Target}”).

CodersNote=The notice period is parameterized. The original was ninety (90) days. That default is provided in ECR.md.

NoticePeriod.sec=If the parties are unable to resolve a {_Dispute} within {PeriodForAmicableDisputeResolution.days} of notice of such {_Dispute} being received by all parties, such {_Dispute} shall be finally settled by {_Binding_Arbitration} (as defined below).

Arbitration.sec=Any {_Dispute} not resolved within {PeriodForAmicableDisputeResolution.days} shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (“{_AAA.Target}”) under its Consumer Arbitration Rules (the “{_AAA_Rules.Target}”) then in effect, except as modified by these {_Terms}.

ArbitrationRules.sec=The {_AAA_Rules} are available at <a href="www.adr.org">www.adr.org</a> or by calling 1-800-778-7879. A party who wishes to start arbitration must submit a written Demand for Arbitration to {_AAA} and give notice to the other party as specified in the {_AAA_Rules}.

ArbitrationDemand.sec=The {_AAA} provides a form Demand for Arbitration at <a href="www.adr.org">www.adr.org</a>.

HearingSmallClaim.sec=If your claim is for U.S. $10,000 or less, {_You} may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic or video-conference hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the {_AAA_Rules}.

HearingLargeClaim.sec=If {_Your} claim exceeds U.S. $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the {_AAA_Rules}. 

ArbitrationSeat.sec=Any arbitration hearings will take place in {ArbitrationSeat.cl}, unless both {_Parties} agree to a different location.

ArbitratorAuthority.sec=The parties agree that the arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to decide all issues relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability and scope of this arbitration agreement.

ArbitrationFee.sec=Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the {_AAA_Rules}.

ArbitrationLanguage.sec=The language to be used in the arbitral proceedings shall be English. The arbitration award shall be final and binding on the parties (“{_Binding_Arbitration.Target}”).

AwardIsFinal.sec=The parties undertake to carry out any award without delay and waive their right to any form of recourse insofar as such waiver can validly be made.

EntryOfJudgment.sec=Judgment upon the award may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof or having jurisdiction over the relevant party or its assets.

AttorneyFee.sec=You and {_Creator} will each pay their respective attorneys’ fees and expenses.

ApplicableLaw.sec=These {_Terms} and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of {Law.State.the}, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.

NoClassAction.sec=Any dispute arising out of or related to these {_Terms} is personal to you and {_Creator} and will not be brought as a class arbitration, class action or any other type of representative proceeding.

OnlyPersonalAction.sec=<b>You and {_Creator} each agree that any claims may only be brought on an individual basis and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative action or other proceeding in which a person attempts to resolve a dispute as a representative of another person or group of persons.</b>

NoConsolidation.sec=<b>Unless both you and {_Creator} agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate or join more than one person’s or party’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a consolidated, representative, or class proceeding.</b>

CaliforniaResident.sec=If you are a California resident, in accordance with Cal. Civ. Code § 1789.3, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112 Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.

sec={AmicalResolution.sec} {NoticePeriod.sec} {Arbitration.sec} {ArbitrationRules.sec} {ArbitrationDemand.sec} {HearingSmallClaim.sec} {HearingLargeClaim.sec} {ArbitrationSeat.sec} {ArbitratorAuthority.sec} {ArbitrationFee.sec} {ArbitrationLanguage.sec} {AwardIsFinal.sec} {EntryOfJudgment.sec} {AttorneyFee.sec} {ApplicableLaw.sec} {NoClassAction.sec} {OnlyPersonalAction.sec} {NoConsolidation.sec} {CaliforniaResident.sec}

=[G/Z/Base]


